[MI-3752-1]: Added the test cases for text formatting on MS Teams sync plugin. (#14)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/text-formatting/Formatting_code_snippets.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up

> name: "Formatting code snippets"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "Formatting text as code snippets"
```

status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: text-formatting

> authors: "@AayushChaudhary0001"

Reviewer: update author

team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null

> playwright: nulla

Reviewer: is this correct? please check eveywhere

rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. Enter text in the text area of the channel or DM/GM in MM.
2. Select the desired text and click on code snippet button in formatting menu.

> 3. Click on send button in MM.

Reviewer: combine the steps

Reviewer: update everywhere

> 4. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM in MS teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM in MS Teams.
```

**Step 2**

1. Enter text in the text area of the channel or DM/GM in MS teams.
2. Select the desired text and click on code snipppet button.

> 3. Click on send button in MS teams.

Reviewer: same

4. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM in MM.

**Expected**

> The user should be able to view the text within a box in MS teams. After step 2, the user should be able to view the text within a grey background box in MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user should be able to view the text as a code snippet in MS Teams. After step 2, the user should be able to view the text as a code snippet in MM.
```

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up

> name: "Formatting text as code snippets"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "Formatting text as code snippet"
```

Reviewer: maybe?

**Step 1**

> 1. Enter and select the text in the text area of the linked channel or DM/GM in MM.

Reviewer: I think we can still combine this and the below point.

Reviewer: check everywhere

2. Click on code snippet button in formatting menu and click on send button in MM.
3. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM in MS Teams.

**Step 2**

1. Enter and select the text in the text area of the linked channel or DM/GM in MS Teams.
2. Click on code snipppet button and click on send button in MS Teams.
3. Navigate to the linked channel or DM/GM in MM.

**Expected**

> The user should be able to view the text as code snippet in linked channel or DM/GM on MS Teams. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user should be able to view the text as a code snippet in the linked channel or DM/GM on MS Teams. 
```

Reviewer: fix eveywhere
